longitude
accommodates
bedrooms
beds
instant_bookable_True
room_type_Hotel room
room_type_Private room
room_type_Shared room
property_type_Entire condo
property_type_Entire guest suite
property_type_Entire home
property_type_Entire loft
property_type_Entire rental unit
property_type_Entire townhouse
property_type_Private room in condo
property_type_Private room in rental unit
property_type_Private room in resort
property_type_Private room in serviced apartment
property_type_Private room in townhouse
property_type_Room in boutique hotel
property_type_Room in hotel
property_type_Shared room in rental unit
neighbourhood_cleansed_Astoria
neighbourhood_cleansed_Bedford-Stuyvesant
neighbourhood_cleansed_Boerum Hill
neighbourhood_cleansed_Canarsie
neighbourhood_cleansed_Carroll Gardens
neighbourhood_cleansed_Chelsea
neighbourhood_cleansed_Clinton Hill
neighbourhood_cleansed_Crown Heights
neighbourhood_cleansed_East Flatbush
neighbourhood_cleansed_East Harlem
neighbourhood_cleansed_East New York
neighbourhood_cleansed_Flatiron District
neighbourhood_cleansed_Fort Greene
neighbourhood_cleansed_Gowanus
neighbourhood_cleansed_Greenpoint
neighbourhood_cleansed_Greenwich Village
neighbourhood_cleansed_Harlem
neighbourhood_cleansed_Hell's Kitchen
neighbourhood_cleansed_Inwood
neighbourhood_cleansed_Long Island City
neighbourhood_cleansed_Longwood
neighbourhood_cleansed_Lower East Side
neighbourhood_cleansed_Midtown
neighbourhood_cleansed_Nolita
neighbourhood_cleansed_Park Slope
neighbourhood_cleansed_Prospect Heights
neighbourhood_cleansed_SoHo
neighbourhood_cleansed_Theater District
neighbourhood_cleansed_Tribeca
neighbourhood_cleansed_Upper West Side
neighbourhood_cleansed_Washington Heights
neighbourhood_cleansed_West Village
neighbourhood_cleansed_Williamsburg
neighbourhood_group_cleansed_Brooklyn
neighbourhood_group_cleansed_Manhattan
neighbourhood_group_cleansed_Staten Island
host_response_time_within a few hours
host_response_time_within an hour
host_location_in_ny_True
