host_response_rate
latitude
property_type_Boat
property_type_Camper/RV
property_type_Casa particular
property_type_Castle
property_type_Entire bungalow
property_type_Entire cottage
property_type_Entire guesthouse
property_type_Entire home/apt
property_type_Entire place
property_type_Entire serviced apartment
property_type_Entire vacation home
property_type_Entire villa
property_type_Floor
property_type_Houseboat
property_type_Private room
property_type_Private room in bed and breakfast
property_type_Private room in bungalow
property_type_Private room in casa particular
property_type_Private room in cottage
property_type_Private room in earthen home
property_type_Private room in guest suite
property_type_Private room in guesthouse
property_type_Private room in home
property_type_Private room in hostel
property_type_Private room in loft
property_type_Private room in religious building
property_type_Private room in tent
property_type_Private room in tiny home
property_type_Private room in vacation home
property_type_Private room in villa
property_type_Room in aparthotel
property_type_Room in serviced apartment
property_type_Shared room
property_type_Shared room in bed and breakfast
property_type_Shared room in condo
property_type_Shared room in guest suite
property_type_Shared room in guesthouse
property_type_Shared room in home
property_type_Shared room in hostel
property_type_Shared room in loft
property_type_Shared room in serviced apartment
property_type_Shared room in townhouse
property_type_Shared room in vacation home
property_type_Tent
property_type_Tiny home
property_type_Tower
neighbourhood_cleansed_Arden Heights
neighbourhood_cleansed_Arrochar
neighbourhood_cleansed_Arverne
neighbourhood_cleansed_Bath Beach
neighbourhood_cleansed_Battery Park City
neighbourhood_cleansed_Bay Ridge
neighbourhood_cleansed_Bay Terrace
neighbourhood_cleansed_Baychester
neighbourhood_cleansed_Bayside
neighbourhood_cleansed_Bayswater
neighbourhood_cleansed_Belle Harbor
neighbourhood_cleansed_Bellerose
neighbourhood_cleansed_Belmont
neighbourhood_cleansed_Bensonhurst
neighbourhood_cleansed_Bergen Beach
neighbourhood_cleansed_Borough Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Breezy Point
neighbourhood_cleansed_Briarwood
neighbourhood_cleansed_Brighton Beach
neighbourhood_cleansed_Bronx Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Bronxdale
neighbourhood_cleansed_Brooklyn Heights
neighbourhood_cleansed_Brownsville
neighbourhood_cleansed_Bushwick
neighbourhood_cleansed_Cambria Heights
neighbourhood_cleansed_Castle Hill
neighbourhood_cleansed_Castleton Corners
neighbourhood_cleansed_Central Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Chinatown
neighbourhood_cleansed_City Island
neighbourhood_cleansed_Civic Center
neighbourhood_cleansed_Claremont Village
neighbourhood_cleansed_Clason Point
neighbourhood_cleansed_Clifton
neighbourhood_cleansed_Cobble Hill
neighbourhood_cleansed_College Point
neighbourhood_cleansed_Columbia St
neighbourhood_cleansed_Concord
neighbourhood_cleansed_Concourse
neighbourhood_cleansed_Concourse Village
neighbourhood_cleansed_Coney Island
neighbourhood_cleansed_Corona
neighbourhood_cleansed_Crotona Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Cypress Hills
neighbourhood_cleansed_DUMBO
neighbourhood_cleansed_Ditmars Steinway
neighbourhood_cleansed_Dongan Hills
neighbourhood_cleansed_Douglaston
neighbourhood_cleansed_Downtown Brooklyn
neighbourhood_cleansed_Dyker Heights
neighbourhood_cleansed_East Elmhurst
neighbourhood_cleansed_East Morrisania
neighbourhood_cleansed_East Village
neighbourhood_cleansed_Eastchester
neighbourhood_cleansed_Edenwald
neighbourhood_cleansed_Edgemere
neighbourhood_cleansed_Ellis Island
neighbourhood_cleansed_Elmhurst
neighbourhood_cleansed_Eltingville
neighbourhood_cleansed_Far Rockaway
neighbourhood_cleansed_Fieldston
neighbourhood_cleansed_Financial District
neighbourhood_cleansed_Flatbush
neighbourhood_cleansed_Flatlands
neighbourhood_cleansed_Floral Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Flushing
neighbourhood_cleansed_Flushing Meadows Corona Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Fordham
neighbourhood_cleansed_Forest Hills
neighbourhood_cleansed_Forest Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Fort Hamilton
neighbourhood_cleansed_Fort Wadsworth
neighbourhood_cleansed_Fresh Meadows
neighbourhood_cleansed_Freshkills Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Gerritsen Beach
neighbourhood_cleansed_Glendale
neighbourhood_cleansed_Gramercy
neighbourhood_cleansed_Graniteville
neighbourhood_cleansed_Grant City
neighbourhood_cleansed_Gravesend
neighbourhood_cleansed_Great Kills
neighbourhood_cleansed_Green-Wood Cemetery
neighbourhood_cleansed_Grymes Hill
neighbourhood_cleansed_Highbridge
neighbourhood_cleansed_Hollis
neighbourhood_cleansed_Holliswood
neighbourhood_cleansed_Howard Beach
neighbourhood_cleansed_Howland Hook
neighbourhood_cleansed_Huguenot
neighbourhood_cleansed_Hunts Point
neighbourhood_cleansed_Jackson Heights
neighbourhood_cleansed_Jamaica
neighbourhood_cleansed_Jamaica Estates
neighbourhood_cleansed_Jamaica Hills
neighbourhood_cleansed_Kensington
neighbourhood_cleansed_Kew Gardens
neighbourhood_cleansed_Kew Gardens Hills
neighbourhood_cleansed_Kingsbridge
neighbourhood_cleansed_Kips Bay
neighbourhood_cleansed_LaGuardia Airport
neighbourhood_cleansed_Laurelton
neighbourhood_cleansed_Lighthouse Hill
neighbourhood_cleansed_Little Italy
neighbourhood_cleansed_Little Neck
neighbourhood_cleansed_Manhattan Beach
neighbourhood_cleansed_Marble Hill
neighbourhood_cleansed_Marine Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Mariners Harbor
neighbourhood_cleansed_Maspeth
neighbourhood_cleansed_Melrose
neighbourhood_cleansed_Middle Village
neighbourhood_cleansed_Midland Beach
neighbourhood_cleansed_Midwood
neighbourhood_cleansed_Mill Basin
neighbourhood_cleansed_Morningside Heights
neighbourhood_cleansed_Morris Heights
neighbourhood_cleansed_Morris Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Morrisania
neighbourhood_cleansed_Mott Haven
neighbourhood_cleansed_Mount Eden
neighbourhood_cleansed_Mount Hope
neighbourhood_cleansed_Murray Hill
neighbourhood_cleansed_Navy Yard
neighbourhood_cleansed_Neponsit
neighbourhood_cleansed_New Brighton
neighbourhood_cleansed_New Dorp Beach
neighbourhood_cleansed_New Springville
neighbourhood_cleansed_NoHo
neighbourhood_cleansed_North Riverdale
neighbourhood_cleansed_Norwood
neighbourhood_cleansed_Oakwood
neighbourhood_cleansed_Olinville
neighbourhood_cleansed_Ozone Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Park Hill
neighbourhood_cleansed_Parkchester
neighbourhood_cleansed_Pelham Bay
neighbourhood_cleansed_Pelham Bay Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Pelham Gardens
neighbourhood_cleansed_Pelham Islands
neighbourhood_cleansed_Port Ivory
neighbourhood_cleansed_Port Morris
neighbourhood_cleansed_Port Richmond
neighbourhood_cleansed_Prince's Bay
neighbourhood_cleansed_Prospect Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Prospect-Lefferts Gardens
neighbourhood_cleansed_Queens Village
neighbourhood_cleansed_Randall Manor
neighbourhood_cleansed_Red Hook
neighbourhood_cleansed_Rego Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Richmond Hill
neighbourhood_cleansed_Richmondtown
neighbourhood_cleansed_Ridgewood
neighbourhood_cleansed_Riverdale
neighbourhood_cleansed_Rockaway Beach
neighbourhood_cleansed_Rockaway Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Roosevelt Island
neighbourhood_cleansed_Rosebank
neighbourhood_cleansed_Rosedale
neighbourhood_cleansed_Schuylerville
neighbourhood_cleansed_Sea Gate
neighbourhood_cleansed_Sheepshead Bay
neighbourhood_cleansed_Shore Acres
neighbourhood_cleansed_Silver Lake
neighbourhood_cleansed_Soundview
neighbourhood_cleansed_South Beach
neighbourhood_cleansed_South Ozone Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_South Slope
neighbourhood_cleansed_Springfield Gardens
neighbourhood_cleansed_Spuyten Duyvil
neighbourhood_cleansed_St. Albans
neighbourhood_cleansed_St. George
neighbourhood_cleansed_Stapleton
neighbourhood_cleansed_Stuyvesant Town
neighbourhood_cleansed_Sunnyside
neighbourhood_cleansed_Sunset Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Throgs Neck
neighbourhood_cleansed_Todt Hill
neighbourhood_cleansed_Tompkinsville
neighbourhood_cleansed_Tottenville
neighbourhood_cleansed_Tremont
neighbourhood_cleansed_Two Bridges
neighbourhood_cleansed_Unionport
neighbourhood_cleansed_University Heights
neighbourhood_cleansed_Upper East Side
neighbourhood_cleansed_Van Cortlandt Park
neighbourhood_cleansed_Van Nest
neighbourhood_cleansed_Vinegar Hill
neighbourhood_cleansed_Wakefield
neighbourhood_cleansed_West Brighton
neighbourhood_cleansed_West Farms
neighbourhood_cleansed_Westchester Square
neighbourhood_cleansed_Westerleigh
neighbourhood_cleansed_Whitestone
neighbourhood_cleansed_Williamsbridge
neighbourhood_cleansed_Willowbrook
neighbourhood_cleansed_Windsor Terrace
neighbourhood_cleansed_Woodhaven
neighbourhood_cleansed_Woodlawn
neighbourhood_cleansed_Woodrow
neighbourhood_cleansed_Woodside
neighbourhood_group_cleansed_Queens
host_response_time_within a day
